# boilerPlate
The main reason I took this class is because of this project, I heard from several people that we were going to create a website for our final project. I thought it would be a good starting point for networking. Throughout the process of building my website I have had many strengths and weaknesses. 

One of the main weaknesses I had was getting everything I wanted to line up perfectly. From this struggle I had, I was able to use Classes and Ids to help me with my grid system. In addition, I wanted to have my gallery page with black and white photographs of my pieces and as you hover over, they would appear in color. After realizing Karen had a similar gallery page, we discussed how the images would only be in black and white on an iPad or phone because there is no hover affect. That being said she was able to help me put a media breakpoint in, so when the screen shrinks down all the images appear in color. Another simple struggle I had at first was getting my nav bar to be in the center, I tried multiple classes/ids, but something kept overpowering it. With the help of Corbin, Justin, and the professor we were able to contain it in its own div. Lastly a weakness I had was pushing to GitHub, my site would never go through. The professor worked with me and we noticed my name wasn’t matching my repo name because my auto-fill was on so it was trying to capitalize my name. Along with that, some of my files were very large so GitHub wouldn’t allow them to go through, but once re-sized everything worked perfectly.

In addition to the weaknesses I overcame, I also had multiple strong points in my website. Something I am very happy with is how my resume now matches the style of my website. When we originally created the resume, mine was plain and didn’t have a sense of my personality. With the color palette I chose and adding the SVG I think I made my resume much stronger. The SVG as a whole I think makes my site stand out. I was very happy with the affect I was able to put on it and how the color palette matches the rest of the site. When creating the TODO list I had in mind creating separate pages for each piece I incorporated in the gallery. At first, I thought it was going to be way to much work creating so many additional pages, but I think it pays off to see the work larger with a small description of the piece as well. Being able to link out to my LinkedIn and Behance page I think is very beneficial to show that the site can get you to other sites not just within the website itself.

I thoroughly enjoyed this project and am very happy with the outcome of my website. 
	 


